README.md, before:

# konbini

## about

|ico.svg|lore|
|-|-|
|<img src="./konbini-ico.svg" width="96"/>|a shelf of roblox-luau convenience modules<br><br>started as a util module, ended as a library<br>*"the best thing since catalog price floors"*<br><br>while "stocking the shelves" i wanted to keep everything:<br>- simple & straightforward<br>- concise & to-the-point<br>- portable & copy-pastable|

## aisles

|module|why it exists|
|-|-|
|[Konbini](./Konbini/init.luau)|main module|
|-|-|
|[Color3.luau](./Konbini/Color3/init.luau)|`Color3`, `ColorSequence` library extension|
|[Datastore.luau](./Konbini/Datastore/init.luau)|pcall-wrapped datastore functions|
|[Inputs.luau](./Konbini/Inputs/init.luau)|`UserInputService`, `GamepadService` wrapper|
|[Instance.luau](./Konbini/Instance/init.luau)|`Instance` library extension|
|[Interface.luau](./Konbini/Interface/init.luau)|`UDim`, `UDim2`, `Vector2` library extensions, ui helper functions|
|[Math.luau](./Konbini/Math/init.luau)|`math`, `NumberRange`, `NumberSequence` library extension|
|[Network.luau](./Konbini/Network/init.luau)|buffer-based remote interface, oopless signals|
|[Patronage.luau](./Konbini/Patronage/init.luau)|player patronage (devproducts, gamepasses, premium, group membership, etc)|
|[Time.luau](./Konbini/Time/init.luau)|server-authoritative global time|
|[Types.luau](./Konbini/Types/init.luau)|primitive type functions|
|[Vector3.luau](./Konbini/Vector3/init.luau)|`Vector3` library extension|

## design language

```lua
--- GlobalScope
--- FieldOfTable
--- localscope
--- --- side commentary

--- directives

--- services
--- variables
--- private functions
--- export types

--- header
local module = {}
--- functions

--- ...
--- <line break> -- "block opener"
--- local definition
--- definition.x
--- definition.func()
--- <line break> -- "block closer"
--- ... | return definition -- "scope closer"

--- x::y -- "kick rocks"
--- ;(x::any) = y -- "kick rocks"
--- ;(x::any).y = z -- "kick rocks"

--- runtime-sensitive work
return module
```

コ Konbini by 00826 / overflowed

Commit message:

updated readme lore to be more concise, added gotchas

README.md, after:

# konbini

## about

|ico.svg|lore|
|-|-|
|<img src="./konbini-ico.svg" width="96"/>|a shelf of roblox-luau convenience modules with no external or cross-dependencies<br><br>started as a util module, ended as a library|

## gotchas

1. konbini is not backward-compatible

code is constantly being cycled in and out on a per-need basis

2. konbini must be required on the server and client

this is so the `Time` library (`Time.now()`, `Time.nowms()`) can work

## aisles

|module|why it exists|
|-|-|
|[Konbini](./Konbini/init.luau)|main module|
|-|-|
|[Color3.luau](./Konbini/Color3/init.luau)|`Color3`, `ColorSequence` library extension|
|[Datastore.luau](./Konbini/Datastore/init.luau)|pcall-wrapped datastore functions|
|[Inputs.luau](./Konbini/Inputs/init.luau)|`UserInputService`, `GamepadService` wrapper|
|[Instance.luau](./Konbini/Instance/init.luau)|`Instance` library extension|
|[Interface.luau](./Konbini/Interface/init.luau)|`UDim`, `UDim2`, `Vector2` library extensions, ui helper functions|
|[Math.luau](./Konbini/Math/init.luau)|`math`, `NumberRange`, `NumberSequence` library extension|
|[Network.luau](./Konbini/Network/init.luau)|buffer-based remote interface, oopless signals|
|[Patronage.luau](./Konbini/Patronage/init.luau)|player patronage (devproducts, gamepasses, premium, group membership, etc)|
|[Time.luau](./Konbini/Time/init.luau)|server-authoritative global time|
|[Types.luau](./Konbini/Types/init.luau)|primitive type functions|
|[Vector3.luau](./Konbini/Vector3/init.luau)|`Vector3` library extension|

## design language

```lua
--- GlobalScope
--- FieldOfTable
--- localscope
--- --- side commentary

--- directives

--- services
--- variables
--- private functions
--- export types

--- header
local module = {}
--- functions

--- ...
--- <line break> -- "block opener"
--- local definition
--- definition.x
--- definition.func()
--- <line break> -- "block closer"
--- ... | return definition -- "scope closer"

--- x::y -- "kick rocks"
--- ;(x::any) = y -- "kick rocks"
--- ;(x::any).y = z -- "kick rocks"

--- runtime-sensitive work
return module
```

コ Konbini by 00826 / overflowed
